The Queen Street you wouldn't recognise from 30, 40 years ago.
You wouldn't think it was the same street.
There were cinemas.
Even Woolworths have gone, you know.
The cinemas have gone.
How many cinemas were there?
There were the cinemas, there was the Capitol, there was the Queens.
That was the next block to the Capitol.
On the other side of the road, you just went off the road of a park place, there was the Park Hall.
Then you came back to Queen Street, you had the Olympia.
And next to about one or something to the Olympia you had the Odeon.
But the Odeon was a new name. I forget what it was called.
I dare just come back to me. It was the Imperial.
Then it became the Odeon, part of a chain.
Then you had the Park Hall, I mentioned that I think.
Then at the top of St Mary Street you had the Pavilion.
Half way up on the Hayes, by the fish market there, there was another cinema.
I think it was called the Imperial.
That was what you didn't go to, you know.
That was it. There was the local ones, like the Gaiety in City Road, the Penny Lamb on the corner of Wellfield Road.
It was called the Penny Lamb, was it? Because I knew it was the Globe.
Yes, it was called the Penny Lamb before the Globe.
And then there was the Gaiety.
Then there was the Plaza in North Road, that's gone. Everything's gone.
I think Cardiff suffered, either suffered or benefited from terrific changes.